Add issue template (#2668)
elastic/apm-server: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/apm-server-issue-template.md

---
name: APM Server issue template
about: General Issue template
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

Hello!

We like to keep the Github repository for product issues - verified bug reports, pull requests, apm-server specific feature requests, etc and have users ask questions about how to use the product or a particular feature in our discuss forums.

> Head on over to our official [Discuss forum](https://discuss.elastic.co/c/apm) and let us know there what's on your mind. You will reach a wider audience, get help from the broader community, and maybe learn how others solved problems similar to yours.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have a question or are experiencing some problem please head on over to our official [Discuss forum](https://discuss.elastic.co/c/apm). You will reach a wider audience, get help from the broader community, and maybe learn how others solved problems similar to yours.
```

> Thanks!

Reviewer: This statement now sounds to me like we are almost assuming that users probably hit this while they should really open a discuss post. I wouldn't feel encouraged to open an issue when reading this. 

How about after the first paragraph we add something along the lines of:
_Therefore you are very welcome to open an issue for above mentioned reasons. Otherwise, head on over..._
(Definitely not the perfect wording in my example, but it should do for sketching the idea).

Author: is https://github.com/elastic/apm-server/pull/2668/files#r322282672 any better?

Reviewer: Yes, I'd say it is better. Thanks for changing.

---
name: APM Server issue template
about: General Issue template
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

Hello!

> We generally use GitHub Issues for verified bugs and planned features. Please do not submit issues for questions and feature requests. However, we do want to help!

Reviewer 2: I think feature requests for apm-server are welcome.  How about:

```suggestion
We like to keep the Github repository for product issues - verified bug reports, pull requests, apm-server specific feature requests, etc and have users ask questions about how to use the product or a particular feature in our discuss forums.
```

> Head on over to our official Discuss forum and let us know there what's on your mind. You will reach a higher audience, get help from the broader community, and maybe learn how others solved similar problems to yours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Head on over to our official [Discuss forum](https://discuss.elastic.co/c/apm) and let us know there what's on your mind. You will reach a wider audience, get help from the broader community, and maybe learn how others solved problems similar to yours.
```

> https://discuss.elastic.co/c/apm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
